---
layout: post
title: "intro4"
date: 2015-05-30
pidd: 9
---
## Code Release Policy
To help the study of dynamic analysis on mobile apps, we are glad to release our code and dataset to the community. However, to avoid TextExerciser from being misused, we feel the need to have some sort of authentication in place to verify user identity or require necessary justification, instead of making the tool completely public. For this purpose, if you are interested in getting access to TextExerciser, please read the following instructions carefully -- before sending us emails.<br><br>
1. If you are currently in academia:<br><br>
   * If you are a student (or postdoc), please ask your advisor (or host) to send us an email for the access. If you are a faculty, please send us the email from your university's email account.<br><br>
   * In your email, please include your name, affiliation, and homepage (if we do not know each other). The information is needed for verification purpose. Note that your request may be ignored if we are not able to determine your identity or affiliation. Again, please send us the request from your university's email account.<br><br>
   * If your papers or articles use our dataset or our tool, please cite our Oakland 2020 paper as follows:<br><br>
**Yuyu He, Lei Zhang, Zhemin Yang, Yinzhi Cao, Keke Lian, Shuai Li, Wei Yang, Zhibo Zhang, Min Yang, Yuan Zhang, Haixin Duan. "TextExerciser: Feedback-driven Text Input Exercising for Android Applications." In the IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy (Oakland) 2020.**<br><br>
2. If you are currently in industry (including research labs):<br><br>
   * Please send us an email from your company's email account. In the email, please briefly introduce yourself (e.g., name and title -- in case we do not know each other) and your company.<br><br>
   * In the email, please attach a justification letter (in PDF format) in official letterhead. The justification letter needs to acknowledge the "TextExerciser" project from Fudan University and state clearly the reasons why the dataset/tool is being requested. Also, acknowledge that the dataset/tool will not be shared to others without our permission.<br><br>